Update ready-to-publish.md (#390)
SuperOfficeDocs/superoffice-docs: docs/developer-portal/includes/ready-to-publish.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD041 -->
When you think it is ready in SOD, you can request to publish to Stage. The SuperOffice app manager or App Store manager will reject or approve.

> For custom applications configuration we will publish directly to production if approved when you request publish to Stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For custom applications, when you request publish to Stage. we will automatically publish directly to production when approved.
```

> For custom applications, when you request publish to Stage. we will automatically publish directly to production when approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For custom applications, when you request publish to Stage, we will automatically publish directly to production when approved.

```
